hey welcome back I'm going to show you
keeps for level 10 and 11 for world
choice game and start with level 10 you
swung you can't like you better pattern
and stay away from the middle petty easy
just okay no it's not the next level was
much easier all right
this one you have it pauses of course
just like that
that is how you get it on this one you
want to kind of go over and then go down
a little bit and on this one you kind of
want to stay in the middle not too close
but close enough and then you want to
have perfect timing
like that okay take a couple times but
no okay see much easier than the last
level
ah
anyway just like that
really frustrating
here we go
okay and that's never all ten in eleven
and I'll show you this level and the
next door and if I can figure it out
thank you for watching please subscribe
above and comments how you liked this
video if you have any questions just
coming to my channel or anything if you
have any games you want me to try and
find useful or just play fine you
anything just comment below thank you